[Pyke enforcer] Where is Vario?
They killed the crew
and stole the payment.
Give him a message from Marg Krim.
[Vario] I will personally deliver
the lost payments to you.
plus the value of the destroyed cargo.
[Two-Boots] Due to this escalation.
it is imperative we alert the Empire.
If the Empire comes in. they'll take over.
If we're ill-equipped to handle--
Two-Boots. drop it. That's an order.
Why are you following me?
[Daki] My niece.
I want you to understand
that she's caught in the wrong place
by an extremely dangerous individual.
[Maul] You crave that unfulfilled destiny.
I'm going to need that back... Devon.
[rumbling. whooshing]
[communicator beeps]
[Pyke guard] Identify yourself.
Uh. hi. yeah. Looti Vario.
Illustrious Imperator Krim is expect--
[Pyke guard] Cleared for landing.
[♪ ominous music playing]
[rumbling. whooshing]
[clears throat] Greetings. Hello.
Uh. yes. the credits. as promised.
Count it.
[whimpers] Uh... Hmm. Um...
[whimpering. softly]
I didn't have a choice.
- What are you saying?
- [stuttering]
He's here.
Search every inch of that ship.
- Picking up another life form.
- [trilling]
[whimpering] He made me do it.
[both groan]
Kill him!
I tried to warn you!
[yelps]
- [groans softly]
- [thuds]
[exhales] I got you.
Tell Krim.
I'm the one who handed him Maul.
You think I didn't know
what was happening on Janix?
You think I didn't hear
the rumors of Maul's return?
Explain yourself.
Look. I had no choice.
He was gonna kill me
if I didn't cooperate.
But I took care of him
before he could get to you.
You're welcome. by the way.
Hmm. Bring him closer.
[exhales menacingly]
- That's not Maul!
- [doors whooshing]
- [whimpers. yelps]
- [gasps]
- [groans softly]
- [blasters firing]
- [Pyke guard 1 yelps]
- [Pyke guard 2 groans]
I was alone and weak
after the tragic events on Mandalore.
And I came here. to you.
my old ally. seeking safe haven.
But you tried to kill me.
You failed.
This is what awaits
all those who have betrayed me.
[Pyke guard 3] My Lord.
[Pyke guards whimpering]
[Maul] You are the Captain of the Guard?
Uh... Yes. My Lord.
What is your name?
Kalt. Lord Maul.
You are in charge now. Kalt.
But you answer to me.
[♪ opening theme music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[Devon panting]
[vehicle warbling]
[indistinct chatter]
Padawan.
Master!
- You're injured.
- I'm fine.
Come.
[sighs in relief]
Thank you for keeping it safe.
It brings me peace
to have you back at my side. Devon.
[chuckles softly]
I'm happy to see you. too. Master.
I searched the city.
How did you escape?
It was... [sighs] not easy.
Maul's presence
will inevitably attract the Empire.
We should leave this planet immediately.
But. Master. I know where he is.
Careful. young one.
Do not let your judgment be clouded
by your need for vengeance.
It's not about that.
We're Jedi.
We can bring him to justice.
We are no longer the defenders of justice
in the eyes of the galaxy.
But there are good people here.
And we're the only ones who can stop Maul.
We can't just leave him to terrorize them.
He is not alone. He has many mercenaries.
What about the local authorities?
There's a detective. Lawson.
[sighing sadly] Yes. I am familiar.
[♪ exhilarating music playing]
[indistinct radio chatter]
We received an anonymous transmission
reported to be the location
of the fugitive.
We got a lot of tips. Wade.
Yeah. This one
was directed to you specifically.
Sent from an "Uncle Daki."
Didn't know you had an uncle.
Where's the location?
Sector 14-Q.
That area's abandoned.
Chief! I know where Maul is.
I need a strike team immediately.
We wait any longer and we might as well
invite the Empire to get him themselves.
Approved.
Lawson. make sure you get him this time.
Ready squads.
All right. move it. move it. move it!
Captain. has something transpired?
Got a lead on Maul's location.
We must alert the Empire.
Two-Boots. what are you doing?
We are not equipped to apprehend
this fugitive without adequate support.
No! I need more time!
I'm sorry. Captain.
But your abuse of protocol
potentially places yourself and your squad
in terrible danger.
I have no choice.
We-- [muffled buzzing]
Sorry. buddy.
[chirping. beeping]
[♪ eerie music playing]
Settle your nerves. Devon.
What if they don't come?
Nothing in life is certain.
But I feel confident
the lawman will investigate.
based on the information I have sent him.
What is it?
They're here.
[roaring. whirring]
[droid chirping]
[Spybot speaking Droid Jargon]
Oh. there you are. About time.
[droid warbling. trilling]
Team is in position.
We have movement.
Easy. Lawson. Easy.
Vario?
What is this? Where's Maul?
Right here. He's got a message for you.
A pleasure to see you again. Captain.
Is it?
Through our brief encounter.
I've come to suspect you
as a man of honor and intelligence.
Gee. thanks.
Surely you realize
you are greatly outmatched.
I wouldn't say that.
I believe we can come to an arrangement
before you make a terrible mistake.
Yeah? What kind of arrangement?
I offer you my protection.
Your protection?
Indeed.
I believe we would both like to avoid
any Imperial involvement on this planet.
And how do you know
the Empire's not on their way?
If that were the case.
they would already be here.
And since they are not.
that means you have chosen
to disregard Imperial protocol.
As I said. a man of intelligence.
So. I offer you a truce.
I will not trouble your city
so long as you allow me
to operate here. unimpeded.
We will have peace
without the grip of the Galactic Empire
around either of our throats.
We must find Maul. He's here.
[sighing sadly] I'm afraid
I just can't accept that offer.
Disappointing. but honorable.
Here's what's gonna happen.
You and your mercenaries
are going to stand down and surrender.
You'll be taken peacefully and remain
under our protection to stand trial.
By Janix law. not the Empire's.
I admire your spirit. Captain.
Die well.
[indistinct shouting]
Watch it. watch it.
[footsteps approaching]
I had a feeling you would return. Devon.
And just as I hoped.
you brought your master.
So nice to formally meet you. Master...
Daki.
You've come to kill me.
You made the police captain an offer.
so we will do the same.
Surrender and you will be unharmed.
[scoffs] Surrender?
When has that passive ideology
ever served you. Jedi?
Haven't you learned your lesson?
It seems not.
Yet. we have survived.
And you will find justice
even in times as dark as these.
You survive. but you do not live.
With your power and abilities.
you should lead and be respected by all.
Not crawl on your hands and knees.
begging to survive.
You and I have different definitions
of what it means to live.
Our powers are meant to be used
only in the service of others.
And look where that's gotten you.
Crushed under the heel of those who are.
in truth. inferior to you.
It is your unwillingness
to use your power that makes you weak.
That is your delusion.
Then let us discover the truth.
- [Jedi grunting]
- [lightsaber crackling]
- [Daki groans]
- [Devon grunting]
[Devon grunts]
[Maul yells]
[Devon grunting]
[yelps. grunts]
[both grunting]
[indistinct shouting]
[Lawson] With me!
The probe had a position on Maul.
I'm going after him.
[Police droid yelps]
[grunts]
[Rook Kast grunts. gasps]
[creaking. crashing]
[both grunting]
[grunting]
[Daki groans]
[yelps. groans]
- [Daki grunts]
- [groaning. growling]
[both continue grunting]
- [groans]
- [Devon grunting]
[shudders]
[grunting]
Your master is indeed fortunate
to have you at his side.
[Spybot] Go time.
Booshkeedoo!
[Rook Kast] Time to go.
[Spybot] Disappear.
[whooshes]
[Daki panting]
Why didn't you tell me you were a Jedi?
I would think the reasons were obvious.
Where's Maul?
[Devon] Gone.
[sirens approaching]
Backup is arriving. Go.
[sirens blaring]
[indistinct shouting]
- Go. go. go!
- [automated voice] All units. stand by.
[sighs in relief]
[woman] Go. go.
[whooshes]
[Spybot] Meh. what that noise?
- [beeping]
- Uh oh.
- [groaning]
- [mechanical creaking]
[inhales]
[Maul grunts]
[Spybot] Trouble. Big. big trouble!
[Rook Kast] Something's happening.
[distant alarm blaring]
[groaning]
- [sighing in exhaustion]
- Master. are you sure you're all right?
I'm sorry.
I failed you.
[groans softly]
[indistinct chatter]
I'm sorry I deactivated you. Two-Boots.
I forgive you. Captain.
And I hope you will be able to forgive me.
[devices beeping]
[♪ tense imperial music playing]
[whooshing]
[♪ music stops]
[♪ closing theme music playing]